# Searching-and-Recommending-Neural-Networks
Customized search engine and recommender system to find neural networks
Data analysis problems come in many diﬀerent formats and occur in just as many areas of application. In recent times, the approach of artiﬁcial neural networks (ANN) received increased attention due to massive technological and scientiﬁc progress in this ﬁeld. However, researchers and companies often face the challenge of choosing the implementation best suited to treat a data set of interest. The code hosting platform GitHub hosts a plethora of public code repositories implementing often pre-trained neural networks for re-use and application by other researchers and practitioners. However, ﬁnding the right repository and browsing through repositories which oﬀer similar solutions for the problem at hand is made diﬃcult by the lack of a specialized search and recommendation feature. Our research tackles this shortcoming by designing, implementing and evaluating a customized search engine and recommender system solution tailored to ﬁnding and discovering neural networks. On the basis of the rudimentary search engine FAIRnets, we develop a more sophisticated approach that makes use of more exhaustive repository information, intelligently extracted from GitHub. In addition to the search, we enhance FAIRnets’ functionalities by proposing a content-based recommender system architecture which suggests relevant repositories based on readme and neural network architecture similarity. The empirical evaluation of our approaches demonstrate their eﬀectiveness and the recommender proves superior compared to a baseline approach. The combination of both approaches is unprecedented in the application to neural networks and thus ﬁlls a gap in information retrieval literature.
